My friend's simple team has put
all the news on your screens,
ICICI Lombard, all in the name of news,
so
due to market share games, IDBI Bank, CSB
Bank, IDBI Bank's bridge has come
in the first round, a special friend,
CSB Bank was a big name in it, only
as a Rabab, Tata Motors is good,
Paytm is good news, JK Cement is
completing the vacancy,
big trade on Friday in TNPL and in Hi-Tech Pipes, the picks
of the plans are aggressive,
picks are
business update, Titan
's business update in Jewellery company, Kalyan Jewellers's numbers are cool,
but if you
look at the numbers of Tata Steel, then the business update is
not that good there,
along with this there are many other companies where you should
see the update, like in the bank, we said that a
very good report came out in Spandan Spurti, ONGC, for
August Delhi, so
all these are from the stock,
okay, so you saw these things and let's edit this team a little
parallelly,
first Nifty
1937 that much shop swing will remember.
Good morning, tell me, you have
seen the themes. Now, after this gap, according to the reward that
we have pending, if
you first line up the traits, there will be two
convention trades of yours.
Good morning, the one
that looks best on the chart is in that,
but I think there will be a gap of two and a half pushes here.
This is one and the other is ICICI Lombard.
I got a little confused, so see,
ICICI Lombard will be in Ashish ji's team. For example,
if you have a platform here, go long
with a stoppage of 1250.
Friday's close is 1270. And if you
look at the packet, I think these
big targets are 1320 to 1350. There
is unfort in ICICI Lombard and I
am bullish on this space. If you look at Neeraj ji's team, then
one mouth of Thangam Titan was looking good to me,
but if you leave the title aside, what new will you
get? There will be a
good moment. There will be a stop loss of 100050
and in front  Its first
resistance at 1150 will provide supplier point
momentum